fix: update title bar note to mention that it's in 1.7 version (and in preview on the current date) (#640)
CommunityToolkit/Labs-Windows: components/TitleBar/samples/TitleBar.md

---

> [!NOTE]

> > If you're using the Windows App SDK with WinUI, you can leverage the TitleBar control that shipped in the 1.7 release over this one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you're using the Windows App SDK with WinUI, you can leverage the TitleBar control that [shipped in the 1.7 prerelease](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/windows-app-sdk/preview-channel#new-titlebar-control) over this one.
```

> 

> > (On Feb 2025 its in 1.7 Preview 1 version:  https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/windows-app-sdk/preview-channel#new-titlebar-control)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
